Add docs for package events (#3966)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/advanced-features/package-events.md

# Package events

> Every time package revision is created in one of the Quilt stack buckets, Quilt stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every time a package revision is created in one of the Quilt stack buckets, the Quilt stack
```

> emits event to default

Author: @akarve 
We were thinking that we need to create a bus in the stack for this, maybe we should do this before publishing docs?

> emits event to default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
emits event to the default
```

[EventBridge](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-what-is.html)

> bus. Event has the following structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bus. The event has the following structure:
```

> bus. The event has the following structure:

Reviewer 2: Each time a package is created or revised in a Quilt stack bucket,
the stack emits a `package-revision` event on the default
[EventBridge](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-what-is.html) bus.
Events have the following structure:

> Every time a package revision is created in one of the Quilt stack buckets, the
> Quilt stack emits event to the default
> [EventBridge](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-what-is.html)
> bus. The event has the following structure:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a package is created or revised in a Quilt stack bucket,
the stack emits a `package-revision` event on the default
[EventBridge](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-what-is.html) bus.
These events have the following structure:
```

```json
{
    "version": "0",
    "id": "6425eb6a-9627-e6a1-2ae8-9d2d8883dc74",
    "detail-type": "package-revision",
    "source": "com.quiltdata",
    "account": "012345678901",
    "time": "2024-04-25T14:46:51Z",
    "region": "us-east-1",
    "resources": [],
    "detail": {
        "version": "0.1",
        "type": "created",
        "bucket": "example",
        "handle": "some/package",
        "topHash": "a0fddace2eb2fd91faa697d237a5dbdcfa77f0fd38ca8b4c850dbd93d142ee69"
    }
}
```

> To handle such events you need to create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To handle such events you need to create an
```

> To handle such events you need to create an
> [EventBridge rule](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-rules.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create an
[EventBridge rule](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-rules.html)
similar to the following to respond to `package-revision` events:
```

## Example: send email on package creation

```yaml
Description: >

>   Example Cloudformation template demonstrating usage
>   of Quilt package events.
> 
>   Email specified by `EmailToSubscribe` parameter will get notifications
>   about new revisions of package with name prefix specified by
>   `PackageNamePrefix` parameter in `PackageBucket` bucket.
>   After stack creation specified email will receive mail message to confirm
>   subscription.
> 
>   To customize what events are processed and how they are processed
>   you need to modify `EventBridgeRule`.
> 
>   See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-event-patterns.html
>   for syntax of event patterns.
> 
>   See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-targets.html
>   for a list of supported targets.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Demonstrate how to respond to package events.

  Modify `EventBridgeRule` to customize event processing. 

  See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-event-patterns.html
  for event pattern syntax.

  See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-targets.html
  for rule targets.
```

Parameters:
  PackageBucket:
    Type: String
  PackageNamePrefix:
    Type: String
    Description: Leave empty to match every package.
  EmailToSubscribe:
    Type: String

>     Description: Email that will get package notifications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Description: Confirm subscription over email to receive a copy of package events
    that occur under `PackageNamePrefix` in `PackageBucket`.
```
